feat: add `navigationHistory.getEntryAtIndex(int index)` method (#41577)
electron/electron: docs/api/navigation-history.md

## Class: NavigationHistory

> Handles session history, maintaining a list of navigation entries for backward and forward navigation.
Process: [Main](../glossary.md#main-process)<br />
_This class is not exported from the `'electron'` module. It is only available as a return value of other methods in the Electron API._

> 

Reviewer: * Can we add a preamble to this section to explain a bit more in detail how the indexing system works? For example, it makes sense for me intuitively that the first available navigation history element to be at index 0 and for the latest navigation history element to be at index N. I think we should make that back/forth order more explicit in these docs.

* If people want to gather an array of all navigation history items, is the solution to loop through `getEntryAtIndex()` N times?

Author: Yes, that is the idea to loop N times. That is why I want to expose activeIndex and history length to know where they are and how many entries they can loop through. Edited for clarity.

### Instance Methods

#### `navigationHistory.getActiveIndex()`

> Returns `Integer` - The index from which we would go back/forward or reload.

Reviewer: Does "from which we would go back/forward or reload" just imply that this is the current page?

Author: Yes! Edited for clarity.

#### `navigationHistory.getEntryAtIndex(index)`

* `index` Integer

Returns `Object`:

> * `url` string - The url of the navigation entry at the given index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `url` string - The URL of the navigation entry at the given index.
```

> * `title` string - The app title set by the page to be displayed on the tab.

Reviewer: I think "the tab" might be the wrong abstraction for Electron since we don't have tabs implemented by default. I think "page title" is just good enough as it's a standard web concept (e.g. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/title).

> If index is invalid (greater than history length or less than 0), null will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If index is out of bounds (greater than history length or less than 0), null will be returned.
```

Reviewer: This is also a dumb question but what happens when you pass in something like 1.5 on runtime as an arg? I see that the `.d.ts` generate just creates a `number` type.

Author: Great point! I tested this and the app does crash because the function is expecting an `int`. 
I tried guarding against it with CanGoToOffset but the Chromium implementation is the same as what's already checked in GetEntryAtIndex. Basically if the user puts a decimal in our current  `GoToOffset` or `GoToIndex` API, they would also crash. So I don't think there is anything we can do but let me know if you have any ideas!

```
content::NavigationEntry* WebContents::GetNavigationEntryAtIndex(
    int index) const {
  if (!CanGoToOffset(index))
    return nullptr;
  return web_contents()->GetController().GetEntryAtIndex(index);
}
```
